how long we've known each other chin I
ever break a promise to you I will put
you in the driver's seat at Lamar you
just shut your mouth and let me do my
thing
all right morning Shelby warning Molly
appeals now go to hell
and that's it folks Ferrari wins to 24
hours of LaVon for the fifth consecutive
year
mr. Ford Ferrari has a message for you
sir what did they say
you said Ford makes ugly little cars and
ugly factories and God you fat sir we're
gonna bury Ferrari at LeMond so the
great cowl Shelby is gonna build a car
to beat Ferrari with a fault correct and
how long did you tell them you needed
two or three hundred years 90 days Paul
hates guys like us because we're
different we heard he's difficult to Kim
no no Ken's a puppy dog
[Music]
it's soulful there's a problem the
computer will find out you get some
scotch tape and a ball of wool what are
they doing making your car faster
ten miles it's not a fourth man we're on
the verge of something and now you tell
me that I can't have the best man in the
world behind the wheel
give me one reason why I don't fire
everyone starting with you well sir the
lighter were faster and that don't work
we're nastier
go ahead go go to war I risk I thought
the whole point was to win the damn race
[Applause]
if this were a beauty pageant
we just lost looks aren't everything
[Music]